#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   array-record
    #   chex
    #   clu
    #   etils
    #   keras
    #   ml-collections
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   seqio
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-metadata
    #   tfds-nightly
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via -r requirements.in
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
array-record==0.5.1
    # via tfds-nightly
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via aiohttp
attrs==23.2.0
    # via aiohttp
blobfile==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
chex==0.1.86
    # via optax
click==8.1.7
    # via tfds-nightly
clu==0.0.12
    # via seqio
contextlib2==21.6.0
    # via ml-collections
coverage==7.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
dm-tree==0.1.8
    # via tfds-nightly
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via pyglove
editdistance==0.8.1
    # via seqio
etils[array-types,enp,epath,epy,etqdm,etree]==1.7.0
    # via
    #   array-record
    #   clu
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   tfds-nightly
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via pytest
filelock==3.14.0
    # via blobfile
flatbuffers==24.3.25
    # via tensorflow
flax==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   clu
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.5.0
    # via etils
gast==0.5.4
    # via tensorflow
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.63.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.11.0
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via etils
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jax==0.4.28
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   chex
    #   clu
    #   flax
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   seqio
jaxlib==0.4.28
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   chex
    #   clu
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   seqio
keras==3.3.3
    # via tensorflow
libclang==18.1.1
    # via tensorflow
lxml==4.9.4
    # via blobfile
markdown==3.6
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via werkzeug
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
ml-collections==0.1.1
    # via clu
ml-dtypes==0.3.2
    # via
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorstore
msgpack==1.0.8
    # via
    #   flax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
namex==0.0.8
    # via keras
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via orbax-checkpoint
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   chex
    #   clu
    #   etils
    #   flax
    #   h5py
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   keras
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   opt-einsum
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   scipy
    #   seqio
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorstore
    #   tfds-nightly
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via
    #   jax
    #   tensorflow
optax==0.2.2
    # via flax
optree==0.11.0
    # via keras
orbax-checkpoint==0.5.11
    # via flax
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   clu
    #   pytest
    #   seqio
    #   tensorflow
parameterized==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
portpicker==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
promise==2.3
    # via tfds-nightly
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   seqio
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-metadata
    #   tfds-nightly
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   portpicker
    #   tfds-nightly
pycryptodomex==3.20.0
    # via blobfile
pyglove==0.4.4
    # via seqio
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pytest==8.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   flax
    #   ml-collections
    #   orbax-checkpoint
regex==2024.5.15
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tfds-nightly
    #   tiktoken
rich==13.7.1
    # via
    #   flax
    #   keras
scipy==1.13.0
    # via
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via seqio
seqio==0.0.19
    # via -r requirements.in
shortuuid==1.0.13
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-pasta
    #   ml-collections
    #   promise
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
tensorboard==2.16.2
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.16.1
    # via tensorflow-text
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.37.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-metadata==1.15.0
    # via tfds-nightly
tensorflow-text==2.16.1
    # via seqio
tensorstore==0.1.59
    # via
    #   flax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tfds-nightly
tfds-nightly==4.9.2.dev202308090034
    # via seqio
tiktoken==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
toml==0.10.2
    # via tfds-nightly
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pytest
toolz==0.12.1
    # via chex
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via
    #   etils
    #   tfds-nightly
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   chex
    #   clu
    #   etils
    #   flax
    #   optree
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   tensorflow
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   blobfile
    #   requests
werkzeug==3.0.3
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.43.0
    # via astunparse
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   clu
    #   tensorflow
    #   tfds-nightly
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.18.2
    # via etils

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
